Remove Cori from documentation (#3939)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/install/hpc/perlmutter.rst

For post-processing, most users use Python via NERSC's `Jupyter service <https://jupyter.nersc.gov>`__ (`Docs <https://docs.nersc.gov/services/jupyter/>`__).

> As a one-time preparatory setup, `create your own Conda environment as described in NERSC docs <https://docs.nersc.gov/services/jupyter/#conda-environments-as-kernels>`__.
> In this manual, we often use this ``conda create`` line over the officially documented one:

Author: ```suggestion
As a one-time preparatory setup, create your own Conda environment:
```

.. code-block:: bash

   module load python

>    conda create -n myenv -c conda-forge

Author: ```suggestion
   conda create -n myenv -c conda-forge mamba
```

>    conda create -n myenv -c conda-forge mamba
>    conda activate myenv

Author: ```suggestion
   conda create --yes -n warpx_postproc -c conda-forge mamba
   conda activate warpx_postproc
```

>    mamba install -c conda-forge python mamba ipykernel ipympl==0.8.6 matplotlib numpy pandas yt openpmd-viewer openpmd-api h5py fast-histogram dask dask-jobqueue pyarrow

Author: ```suggestion
   mamba install -c conda-forge python ipykernel ipympl==0.8.6 matplotlib numpy pandas yt openpmd-viewer openpmd-api h5py fast-histogram dask dask-jobqueue pyarrow
```

Reviewer: Let' s keep mamba in here.

Also, we need to limit the upper version of matplotlib:
```suggestion
   mamba install -c conda-forge python==3.8 mamba ipykernel==6.13.0 ipympl==0.8.6 ipython==8.5.0 ipywidgets==7.7.0 jupyter-core==4.11.1 jupyter-server==1.18.1 jupyter_client==7.3.5 jupyterlab==3.4.2 jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.3 jupyterlab_server==2.15.1 "matplotlib<3.6" notebook==6.4.12 nbclient==0.6.4 numpy pandas "traitlets<6" yt openpmd-viewer openpmd-api h5py fast-histogram dask dask-jobqueue pyarrow
```
https://github.com/matplotlib/ipympl#install-an-old-jupyterlab-extension

- [ ] testing after PM is back online

>    mamba install -c conda-forge python ipykernel ipympl==0.8.6 matplotlib numpy pandas yt openpmd-viewer openpmd-api h5py fast-histogram dask dask-jobqueue pyarrow

Author: ```suggestion
   mamba install --yes -c conda-forge python ipykernel ipympl==0.8.6 matplotlib numpy pandas yt openpmd-viewer openpmd-api h5py fast-histogram dask dask-jobqueue pyarrow
   python -m ipykernel install --user --name warpx_postproc --display-name WarpXPostProcessing
   echo '#!/bin/bash\nmodule load python\nsource activate warpx_postproc\nexec "$@"' > $HOME/.local/share/jupyter/kernels/warpx_postproc/kernel-helper.sh
```

   conda deactivate

> 

Author: ```suggestion
(For more info on `conda` environments at NERSC, see `this page <https://docs.nersc.gov/services/jupyter/#conda-environments-as-kernels>`__.)

```

> We then follow the `Customizing Kernels with a Helper Shell Script <https://docs.nersc.gov/services/jupyter/#customizing-kernels-with-a-helper-shell-script>`__ section to finalize the setup of using this conda-environment as a custom Jupyter kernel.
> 
> ``kernel_helper.sh`` should read:
> 
> .. code-block:: bash
> 
>    #!/bin/bash
>    module load python
>    source activate myenv
>    exec "$@"

Author: ```suggestion
```

> When opening a Jupyter notebook, just select the name you picked for your custom kernel on the top right of the notebook.

Author: ```suggestion
When opening a Jupyter notebook, just select `WarpXPostProcessing` from the list of available kernels on the top right of the notebook.
```

> 

Author: (For more info on `conda` environments and JupyterHub at NERSC, see `this page <https://docs.nersc.gov/services/jupyter/how-to-guides/#how-to-use-a-conda-environment-as-a-python-kernel>`__.)

> 

Author: ```suggestion
(For more info on `conda` environments and JupyterHub at NERSC, see `this page <https://docs.nersc.gov/services/jupyter/how-to-guides/#how-to-use-a-conda-environment-as-a-python-kernel>`__.)

```

> 

Author: The changes below were moved over from the Cori documentation.

   module load python
   conda create -n myenv -c conda-forge python mamba ipykernel ipympl==0.8.6 matplotlib numpy pandas yt openpmd-viewer openpmd-api h5py fast-histogram dask dask-jobqueue pyarrow

We then follow the `Customizing Kernels with a Helper Shell Script <https://docs.nersc.gov/services/jupyter/#customizing-kernels-with-a-helper-shell-script>`__ section to finalize the setup of using this conda-environment as a custom Jupyter kernel.

``kernel_helper.sh`` should read:

.. code-block:: bash

   #!/bin/bash
   module load python
   source activate myenv
   exec "$@"

When opening a Jupyter notebook, just select the name you picked for your custom kernel on the top right of the notebook.

Additional software can be installed later on, e.g., in a Jupyter cell using ``!mamba install -c conda-forge ...``.
Software that is not available via conda can be installed via ``!python -m pip install ...``.

.. warning::

   Jan 6th, 2022 (NERSC-INC0179165 and `ipympl #416 <https://github.com/matplotlib/ipympl/issues/416>`__):
   Above, we fixated the ``ipympl`` version to *not* take the latest release of `Matplotlib Jupyter Widgets <https://github.com/matplotlib/ipympl>`__.

>    This is an intentional work-around; the ``ipympl`` version needs to exactly fit the version pre-installed on the Jupyter base system.

Reviewer: Let's verify the matching of `ipympl` versions is still needed?

We opened an upstream issue with the ipympl team the other year and they fixed that. If the base install is new enough on NERSC's Jupyter, than this should  be not a problem anymore :crossed_fingers: 
https://github.com/matplotlib/ipympl/issues/416

There is another issue https://github.com/matplotlib/ipympl/issues/458 that I do not fully understand right away, but NERSC says is needed, too.

Reviewer: Since Oct 31st, NERSC rolled out the new ipympl base version :tada:
